Add managed packages & remote generation documentation (#220)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/bsr/managed-packages/go.mdx

---
id: go
title: Go
---

:::note

The alpha
[Go documentation](../../reference/deprecated/remote-generation/go.mdx) has
moved to the Reference section.

:::

The [Buf Schema Registry](../../bsr/overview.mdx) (BSR) supports serving
generated SDKs for [Go]. With this feature, you can push [Buf modules][modules]
to the BSR and `go get` Go code stubs generated from those Protobuf
definitions&mdash;without ever needing to generate code on your own. Go source
code generated by the BSR is served via the BSR's [Go module proxy](#proxy).

This feature is especially useful for creating API clients for Go, as it
provides consumers of your API with generated Go SDKs on demand. With generated
SDKs, you no longer need to generate Go code from Protobuf locally, and thus no

> longer need to maintain Protobuf files or protoc-based plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no longer need for consumers to pull in Protobuf files or perform any generation whatsoever.
```
thoughts?
